# Apple App Store 가이드라인, 미국 내에서는 외부 결제 권장 금지 해제


* 애플의 App Review Guideline이 앱의 버튼, 외부 링크 및 기타 행동 유도 문구와 관련된 미국 법원의 판결을 준수하도록 업데이트됨
* 앱 스토어의 미국 스토어 프런트에 배포되는 앱에 영향을 미치며, 지침 3.1.1, 3.1.1(a), 3.1.3 및 3.1.3(a) 업데이트에 반영됨

변경 부분
-----

* 3.1.1 Apps may allow users to browse NFT collections owned by others, provided that, **except for apps on the United States storefront**, the apps may not include buttons, external links, or other calls to action that direct customers to purchasing mechanisms other than in-app purchase.
* 3.1.1(a) Link to Other Purchase Methods : Developers may apply for entitlements to provide a link in their app to a website the developer owns or maintains responsibility for in order to purchase digital content or services. These entitlements are not required for developers to include buttons, external links, or others calls to action **in their United States storefront apps.**
  + StoreKit External Purchase Link Entitlements: In all other storefronts, **except for the United States storefront,** where this prohibition does not apply, apps and their metadata may not include buttons, external links, or other calls to action that direct customers to purchasing mechanisms other than in-app purchase.
* 3.1.3 Other Purchase Methods: The following apps may use purchase methods other than in-app purchase. Apps in this section cannot, within the app, encourage users to use a purchasing method other than in-app purchase, **except for apps on the United States storefront and as set forth in 3.1.1(a) and 3.1.3(a).** Developers can send communications outside of the app to their user base about purchasing methods other than in-app purchase.
* 3.1.3(a) “Reader” Apps: Apps may allow a user to access previously purchased content or content subscriptions (specifically: magazines, newspapers, books, audio, music, and video). Reader apps may offer account creation for free tiers, and account management functionality for existing customers. Reader app developers may apply for the External Link Account Entitlement to provide an informational link in their app to a web site the developer owns or maintains responsibility for in order to create or manage an account. This entitlement is not required for developers to include buttons, external links, or other calls to action **in their United States storefront apps**. Learn more about the External Link Account Entitlement.
